yo what's going on youtubes boy out on a
67 over here and this video is an update
to my my gaming computer / video editing
computer / pretty much can do whatever I
wanted to do / it's pretty good anyway
few things to note on my update here is
that I added a for fan controller right
there in the front so i can easily DISA
dimmed LED on the fans and this will
also increase and decrease the speed so
right now I got it set all the way up
because the fans that i'm using are
pretty low RPM cons they don't move that
much air they were basically four sho i
guess but the case itself had some
decent cooling anyway so i didn't really
need high-end fans but uh oh if you guys
didn't see the monitor just the monitor
that i picked up to 22 inch asus and
went back to the computer here alright
so another update that i wanted to bring
to you guys that you guys could probably
already see is my cooler master heatsink
right here its diaper to 12 plus if you
guys then remember I wasn't using an
aftermarket a cpu heatsink and i was
using the stock one well the temperature
is kind of worried me a little bit so i
went ahead and i upgraded to the cooler
master hyper 212 Plus which is a from
what I understand is not too much
different from the hyper 212 evo it's it
audit it's all just the spacing thing on
the under copper contact to the CPU but
another update I put in for blue LED
fans are here one two three and then
four
back which can barely see cuz a the
window blinds are open and I try to
bring it a little bit more light into
the video here so uh yeah basically
that's about it from an update I think
that the hyper 212 plus was definitely a
big as the biggest update i have here
and then the fan controller right there
so other than that man the rig still
doing good I am I don't know how to
overclock the CPU yet but I do know that
I am ready for an overclock with the
heatsink like this I could overclock it
a little bit more and get decent
performance out of that CPU so still got
the 16 gigs of ram still got the AMD HD
6870 graphics card don't mind the cable
management man it's all crap you right
now but uh I'm still trying to figure
out a way to better route my cables and
it's like an ongoing project every time
open on my case um I'm uh moving wires
around and redoing about redoing straps
wire straps and whatnot so you know
there's a big 250 millimeter fan right
there which I'm gonna replace that too
because it sucks there's barely anything
coming out of this thing man so I'm
hearing that there's not very many
options for 250 millimeters but uh I'm
hearing that uh there's one out there
it's about 20 bucks that moves a lot of
air and is still very silent so that's
what's going on and you guys could
probably pick up a lot of the noise i
guess probably could hear the noise from
his fans the matter of fact it's not
that loud i had some regular case fans
that well then weren't regular but they
were standard black case fans that had
it like a 2,000 RPM and they were
extremely loud they definitely moved a
lot of air though but they were very
very loud so i didn't i didn't want to
suck at it annoyed the out of me so
i went ahead and reduce the RPM on the
fans and picked up the colored ones so
anyway thanks for checking out my video
guys if you guys have any questions on
my build or any kind of interest or want
to ask me any kind of questions on it
feel free to ask in the comment section
also I had a hard time finding
out what size of a cpu cooler would fit
in this as a toledo 301 case and if you
guys are wondering the cooler master
hyper 212 plus does fit at least for the
AMD set up because AMD goes north or
south to north on the only mounts and
then intel those east to west this way
so i think the east to west set up the
copper heat sinks right here will
interfere the 250 millimeter fan but not
with the namd set up where it goes from
south to north set up and uh oh you guys
can also realize i forgot to mention i
do have a push-pull configuration on it
so this fan is blowing air in this fan
is sucking air out so did they work in
tandem and then i got these two fans
here to blow out whatever air this this
bad boy who puts out so a pretty good
cooling setup i think this case is
wonderful for cooling it's a
sixty-dollar $64 case when i bought it
and just look at the amount of time that
could put in there's also another fan
right there so i got a total one two
three four five six seven eight total
fans in this case you know so a good fan
good case I mean not good fat but a good
case supports a lot of fans great
cooling yeah again thanks for checking
out the video i know i said it like a
minute ago and i kept on talking so
thanks for checking out the video guys
peace